OK we'll come back.
So today we're going to mess around with styles.
I will show you how you can plug in CSX and how you can customize the appearance of your site.
Of course this will be the bare minimum customization just to show you how it's done.
As we progressed through the course we will implement more and more customization in terms of appearance
so that our site actually begins to look like a real deal.
So to say.
So the very first thing that you need to do is to go into Apter components start TS and type in style
Jor-El's colon and then type this in.
Now we're plugging.
Now we are specifying a path here to a file which at the moment is non-existent.
So what do we need to do.
Well I'll just go ahead and create the file.
So right click on app new file and in the top center you will get a prompt where you will type B in
a p p dot and dot C Ss So the slash component dot C Ss and that will be a path to our That will be the
path to our file.
My apologies here just need to rectify this.
Excellent.
There we go.
So the backslash AP B.Com component that SS even though in the stylus you RL It's a slash.
Because we are working on a Windows machine so keep that in mind.
It's supposed to look like this on a Windows machine on a Mac or Linux.
We just use slash and your path here would look exactly the same as the path here.
Simple as that.
No big deal.
But on Windows it's a little bit different.
So we need to keep that in mind so we thought that see us enter.
OK.
So we have created it and it's emptied out.
I'm just going to take this code and paste it here.
So don't worry you'll have the code under the lectures anyway.
But as I said I advise you to always type it in your cells.
It's this dot info and and there are some things which resemble English in English language as background
padding margin color etc..
What is this.
Well if I press can I just think the press control is to save it.
Well this is a reference to r d h d e mails so within the age D.M. we can take a look for a top.
I have added a few things here so indiv it says class equals info.
Ok so class equals info and that is how C Ss will know.
So dot info is referring to that class and we're setting the background color for that so this background
color is referring to the background color of the entire div So whatever whatever this div takes that
will altered that will alter the background color that defeat will see how this works.
Actually you can see it now.
There you go.
So you see this now has background Gray.
This thing also has background gray and can play around with it to your heart's content but you are
referring to a div through typing it basically by typing in class equals and then you type in something
here some arbitrary name which you later on use in D.C. SS file and state DOT for class so info and
specify.
This is going to be the background color.
This is a hexadecimal representation of the color and you can just go onto the net and type in C SSX
the small presentation of colors and you can find each individual hexadecimal representation for each
individual color.
Though you will have you will have to do it that way.
Now padding What is the padding referring to.
It says 10 x and 24 x.
So this is like 10 pixels and twenty four pixels.
Let's go ahead and open this up.
And you have it's referring to see it says dot dot info and HD M-L dot info.
It's referring to the end of the day so you can see where the answer is yes.
That's what you what we have typed in for info.
It's not actually being yet displayed on the screen.
That's why I got a little bit confused.
We need to delete the accounts or delete delete.
And there you go.
So you don't have any accounts yet.
Please.
Just one more thing.
So you don't need to do this but it is Google soft wrap so you can see everything in on one screen so
I don't have to scroll left and right.
Anyway you have this DIVX and we have a CSA style for this there.
Right here.
So it's blue and the margin padding which I've explained is the padding that refers to this text in
regard to the div around it.
So you see this is the deal which is colored blue.
And my apologies this this is not this is not great this is actually blue.
Down below we have down below we have actually gray.
Apologies for that but it's kind of difficult to read hexadecimal numbers by heart and know exactly
which color it is.
But in any case it says 10 pixels and 24 think souls.
So in terms of height and in terms of width height and width that is the padding.
So we would like to move from the edge 10 pixels and we would like to move.
We would like to move from the bottom 10 pixels and we would like to move from the edge 24 pixels.
So basically just look at the cursor movement height width.
So from left to right that would be with and from top to bottom that would be height.
Actually we're moving from the top 10 pixels downwards as you can see this is not a lot this text here
is you don't have any accounts yet please added This is not actually aligned to the center.
If you observe it carefully you will see that it's not in the actual center it's it goes a little bit
down it goes a little bit down more than it should.
Just a little tiny bit as far as I can see.
But don't worry I will show you will be shown how you can center things and how you can position position
them the way you want them to be.
Now the next thing is the margin no margin applies.
UPS
box no margin applies to around there.
So this is the general margin from the top from the bottom from left and from right.
How much distance they want to put between.
This this blue background they have and everything else around it you can specify individually.
Left right bottom top margins but we've just type in margins so one general one general distance from
everything else.
And color black that is referring to the text.
So the texture will be of color black Next up we have dot A.S.C. class if we go back into the HD mount
CC class.
There we go.
So the next wave is this one says class A.S.C. stands for count and we would like to create an individual
CSSA for that as well and individual theosis ruling for that sort of say.
So the background color once again of the div is specified here so this will be great.
And then you have the padding.
Same as before and that you have a margin and the color of the text.
Let me just go ahead and reload the site so you can see the Pattee the inner padding has been done and
you have the color that is gray around there.
And the text is explicitly black as we have specified it to be black.
And then you have another margin which basically separates these two.
I mean just go ahead and margin 8 pixels Marjorie and I can actually just do this control.
Cut it up on that one sorted them on.
Below I can just do this control X and save and then let it reload.
You see then there is no spacing between these two which is a problem we would like for since we would
like to allow for some space there.
Kill it at load X on.
Now you can see that there is space between the two digits.
I would like you to play around with this a little bit change it alter it and see what actually happens
what changes can you enact on the site.
The way I would recommend you do or I would recommend it is try to change something and try to figure
out what will happen before it actually happens on the site and then go onto the site and see if you're
right wrong and see what actually happened.
That's one of the best ways to learn.
In my opinion anyway
down below we have a dot A.S.C..
And then you have a greater than sign and a wildcard character here basically an asterix.
What does it mean.
Well the greater than sign means the children of the children of this class and then we've stated all
the children.
So apply the margin of 4 pixels to all the children if we just go back to each DML says A.S.C..
So all of these are children but we have said OK please apply Marjan to everybody.
Don't just not do this one in particular not this one in particular but apply the margin to all the
children down below.
And there you go.
So we have the margins and it works flawlessly.
Now this has been basic services plugging in or specifying custom styles we thin angular to but later
on as I said we will go into far more complex things.
One key note is that there is a Z.
There is some sort of a bootstrap running in the background angular too.
So it already looks relatively.
I mean it's still ugly.
Don't get me wrong.
But he looks relatively good as opposed to just typing in text in HDMI and displaying it on the screen
which would be even uglier.
But don't worry we shall ensure that our application resembles Atli resembles a real life real world
application that looks attractive and modern to an extent of course.
So once again please please please play around with the CSSA file.
Try altering things.
Try putting in different colors.
Try putting in different things.
Try left right margin find the syntax on the net.
I strongly encourage you to do so.
It would be very easy for me to write.
Left right bottom margins here and show them to you how they work.
But I really want you to basically just try it out.
It's not that difficult.
It's really easy.
Just type it in and see what happens.
Try to change the padding and see what happens.
Just try try changing these numbers.
Try changing the munged number.
Try changing the background color and see what sort of V.
See how the changes will be reflected on the site itself.
So anyway I'm going to bid you farewell here and I will see you in the follow up tutorial.